feat: multi-provider docs updates (#1086)
open-feature/openfeature.dev: docs/reference/concepts/02-provider.mdx

An example of what it could look like in NPM: `@openfeature/flagd-provider`

### Domain scopped providers

OpenFeature supports multiple providers [domain-scoped](https://openfeature.dev/specification/glossary/#domain) to multiple clients in a single application.
This allows teams to scope flag evaluation to a particular flag management system, making it easier for developers to mix and match providers based on their needs, all from a unified SDK.

```typescript
OpenFeature.setProvider('ProviderA', new ProviderA());
OpenFeature.setProvider('ProviderB', new ProviderB());

const clientA = OpenFeature.getClient('ProviderA');
const clientB = OpenFeature.getClient('ProviderB');
```

> > To learn more, please refer to the [OpenFeature Enhancement Proposal](https://github.com/open-feature/ofep/blob/main/OFEP/provider-client-mapping.md) or [spec change](https://openfeature.dev/specification/sections/flag-evaluation/#requirement-113).

Reviewer: I wonder if we should move the OFEP files to the docs and archive the repo. 🤔

Author: That's probably a good idea

Reviewer: I'll resolve this thread but it's something we may want to address in the future.

### Multi-Provider support

> OpenFeature SDKs also supports the concept of combining multiple providers together under a single client using the [Multi-Provider specification](http://localhost:3000/specification/appendix-a#multi-provider).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenFeature SDKs also support combining multiple providers under a single client using the [Multi-Provider specification](/specification/appendix-a#multi-provider).
```

This interface allows your application to transparently interact with multiple providers from different flag management systems through a single interface.

> The logic of how the different providers are accessed through the multi-provider is handled through the assigned [multi-provider strategy](http://localhost:3000/specification/appendix-a#strategies).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logic of how the different providers are accessed through the multi-provider is handled through the assigned [multi-provider strategy](/specification/appendix-a#strategies).
```

  resolveBooleanEvaluation(
    flagKey: string,
    defaultValue: boolean,
    context: EvaluationContext,
  ): Promise<ResolutionDetails<boolean>> {
    // code to resolve boolean details
  }

  resolveStringEvaluation(
    flagKey: string,
    defaultValue: string,

>     context: EvaluationContext,

Reviewer 2: Any particular reason we added the trailing comma for the last parameter?

Author: I think my IDE formatting just did that automatically.

Reviewer: Most of our codebase uses a trailing comma.
